---
date: 2021-07-25T01:18
draftDate: 2021-06-30T19:37
title: S
summary: def
---

# S

Jim drew on his Marlboro 100. The gold pack. Fuck those kids who smoked the reds. He wanted the full 100mm of nicotine, and he was going to get it.

The noise annoyed him. But it was the only way to keep the kids quiet.
Two girls and a boy. Whose idea was that anyway. 
It wasn't the noise of the kids that bothered him.
It was the sound of the wind coming through a quarter inch of open window.

Smoking gives you cancer that older girl said.
Yeah, the only boy said. It gives you cancer.
The youngest girl said nothing, but she marveled at how smart her older sister and brother were. Someday, she thought, she'd be as old as them, and she'd understand what was going on. But for now, it was just a circus.

Jim was making good time. That made him happy.

Cancer was the last thing on his mind.
He was driving to the North Pole,
a tacky little amusement park in the middle of Colorado.
What the fuck was he doing in Colorado anyway.

All along the road, they had seen cyclists pedaling up Pikes Peak.
One time, when they stopped to get gas, he went up tp talk
to one of the cyclists. He came back to the gold Bonneville
and told the kids about the cyclist.
They were not interested. What they were interested in was
that he had walked up to a stranger and asked him ... things.

Other people are dangerous is what they had been taught.

Hell, even the people you lived with are dangerous.
But Jim never walked up to any of them to ask them
about their lives.

